[Autogenerated] Terra form would not be much of an
application without its providers.
Providers are what Terra form uses to communicate with all the different cloud
services and other pieces of software that are out there now.
A few quick refreshers on terra form providers.
They are versioning.
So when new versions of a provider come out,
you can wait on those versions by specifying the version
you want to use in your configuration.
And that can become really important when a major version comes out and
it might break the way that the old provider work.
There are two primary things that you'll find within providers.
The first one is data sources.
So if you want to get information out of a provider, let's say a ws.
In our case,
you would use data sources to do that so you could query for things like a V,
P C or am I images or any number of other data sources that you would want to
query for and then use those data sources to create resources.
Resources are the main thing you'll be using in most providers,
because we're here to create infrastructure and infrastructure is
really just a collection of resources providers also have modules
which are available on the Terra form registry,
or you can create your own.
Some of those modules are actually maintained,
or at least verified by a W s and hash corpse.
So you know that they're fit for use and we're going to be
making use of modules heavily in this course.
The last thing to know about terra form providers
and especially the AWS provider,
is they usually have some form of authentication built into them.
How do you communicate and authenticate with the API endpoint of a provider?
In the case of A W S, we are going to be authenticating against I am.
Let's take a deeper look into how that is actually going to work
when it comes to authentication with the A.
W s provider.
There are a number of different ways to do that.
You could do it using static credentials.
When I say static credentials,
you could hard code your access key and secret key
into the terra form configuration.
Obviously, that is not recommended, but it is an option that you could do.
A slightly better option would be to use environmental variables
so you can set certain environmental variables,
and the terra form provider will find those variables
and use them for authentication.
And we'll see that later.
You can also use the AWS CLI to create a shared credentials file
that shared credentials file typically lives in your user
directory in a subdirectory called dot AWS,
and you can have multiple profiles within that shared credentials file.
That's an authentication method that we're going to
be using a lot in the examples.
And then, finally, the last authentication method is through an instance.
Oh,
file instantiate profiles are away for a resource in AWS to assume a
role from I am and that gives it permissions to do certain things
within the account or across accounts.
Instantiate profiles are well understood by terra form,
and they're typically used in automation situations where
your ______ form commands will be running from an E C two
instantiate container within AWS.
Why don't we take a look at a few examples oven A. W s provider configuration